So we added the functionality to add elements into the cart.
Let's see how we can make this Wootten functional in order to kill and remove elements from the car
that you consider here on the top of the shopping cart of content.
We're going to use these.
We're going to play some delegation in order to add something like that when the Rev move on is click
when I'm going.
And this is going to be shopping cart Gunton at the end least.
And this is going to react for a click.
This one is going to be called the remote goes.
So what do the companies that are going to take these to the bone and remove cars from the.
I don't have the fun show I more cars and remember in order to work with the location you need to pass
day event this way.
We're going to have access to that target so same as we did before we're going to have enough thought
to get.
And you can see for example.
Yeah.
I'm going on a I'm going to check the source code the rescue.
And you can see we have shopping cart up and the stable up in that they were body also open one of these
opened the TV you can see we have a class called and remove.
It's them to either target dog class list that contains what are going to pass that class remop.
So then what are going to be in this position.
Remember we're seeing you come to the final starting point and then you're going to use the functions
to reach the point that you're trying to achieve.
In this case we're going to be here about an element is going to take us right here.
So what going on is another element.
So we need to in elements right here either to get that element by element that the remote is going
to remove their cars from the room so you can see at the moment the car is empty set this into the cat.
Scroll to the top click here and you can see that the car is gone from the shopping cart.
So this is working nice.
Another thing that we can make it really fast is for example react to these clear car boot on.
So what are going to the filing that butan are going to open these are two top three after the stable
body and a comma.
What I'm going to call this one clear.
Got it.
Yes.
It's going to be quest to document that selector.
And if you take a look here on these two men this one is called Cleator caught in Dady selector will
require that upon sign live God and we need to.
Also the listener clear guard between whether or not the.
It's going to be either listen it out so it's going to be a click and this is going to be clear.
They got it.
So we need to write this one Sean.
Scroll to the bottom and we're going for the fun show on it.
And we're going to also have some comments.
We're going to use the shopping cart and there are two ways to clean it.
Got it.
I'm going to show you boat you can see consider whether we have the shopping cart or content.
And you say stable body so we can select.
Page right here.
We got something like shopping cart.
If there is demand and then pass the THERE.
THEY them empty.
So this is going to insert this in-system LMT is going to take all day to amend that is that it is going
to overwrite the estimate inside a table body weight and this thing that is empty so let's add these
three courses you can see we have three.
And you can click it are not clear cut is going to remove everything.
So let's review this socket.
The second method does one use only their recommended way when I come these nine and this will require
an extra cost.
But is the recommended way of doing it.
Why we're going to have a while then we're going out shopping cart content and then going not fierce.
And while there is a fair trial.
We're going out shopping cart content and then remove child.
So we need to pass this on of this which is going to be shopping cart content for your child.
So this is going to play in.
Also they got it so you can see at the moment the cart is empty.
So let's up these courses again.
You can see that we have like this car and you can see that everything is gone.
This option requires extra growth but is more recommended than this one.
So this Briac is looking nice.
Now we have the ability to of course is into the shopping cart and remove them.
And so to play the World Cup.
So in the next video let's see if we cannot select selected courses into the local storage.